1. Are you using Azure and data flask?  
   => Flask is a lightweight web framework for Python, it is typically used for building web applications, API's or Microservices. 
   => Flask makes web development quick & easy & has ability to scale up to complex applications.
   => It is known for it's simplicity & minimalism, allowing users to development web applications with just few lines of code.

  I have used Flask for development of Restful API's & microservices primarily in the context of DE tasks such as data processing, transformation & Integration purposes.
  I have packaged Restful Api's in Docker or Kubernetes using Jenkins


2. Tell about your Experience and data bricks azure data factory  
    ADF
    I have used ADF in creating Data Pipelines to extract, transform & load from multiple sources into Azure storage services such as Azure data lake, 
    Azure Storage, Azure SQL, Azure datawarehouse.
    I have created pipelines in ADF using linked services, datasets & activities to orchestate data movement & transformation tasks.
    Created pipelines for Data ingestion from multiple sourcces such as Azure Blob Storage, Azure SQL, Azure Data warehouse

    DataBricks
    It is Unified Analytics platform built on top of Apache spark for developing spark applications using pySpark & Spark SQL.
    Used in developing spark application to extract, transform & aggregate from multiple sources, enabling analysis & uncovering insights into customer requirements.
    Experience in performance tuning spark applications including setting batch interval time, parallelism, memory tuning to optimize data processing performance.
    Also have experience in estimating cluster sizes, monitoring & trouble shooting spark DataBricks clusters 

3. Do you have real-time experience in real-time data injection? how do you use it  
   For real time data injection, I have used Kafka which is a distributed streaming platform & spark which is a component of Apache spark for real-time data processing.
   I have used Kafka for ingesting real time streaming data & spark streaming to process & analyse these streams in near real time.
   Have implemented lambda architectures where both batch & real time data processing are combined to handle large volumes of data with low latency.

   In Fiserv, I have implemented spark streaming to receive real time data streams from Apache Kafka & store the stream data in HDFS(Hadoop distributed file system).
   I have used real-time data ingestion & processing for various use cases such as monitoring real-time events, analysing customer behavior in real-time, or 
  performing real-time fraud detection.
   I have worked with spark streaming micro batching techniques to process & analyse real-time data streams efficiently.
   I have also utilized Kafka connectors to integrate kafka with other data storage & processing systems for seamless real-time data flow.
   Used these technologies to handle streaming data from various sources enabling real-time analytics, monitoring, & decision making.

4. For data storage and injection what you used? 

  AWS 
  S3: Used for the storage of structured & unstructured data & also as a staging area for ingestion & processing
  Redshift: Used for large scale data migration efforts & also as a datawarehousing solution.
  Dynamo DB: Employed for storing noSQL databases & as a part of serverless architectures for data intensive applications
  Glue: Used for ETL purposes & to migrate campgain data & data ingestion
  EMR: Used to run Mpareduce jobs & testing locally using Jenkins
  RDS: used for relational database storage & management 

  Azure:
  Azure Blob storage: Used for storage purposes in Azure for data ingestion pipelines or for general storage purposes.
  Azure Data Lake: Used for storing large volumes of data in distributed file system for big data analytics & processing.
  Azure SQL: Utilised for storage of structured data & for database solutions.
  Azure Data Factory: Used for orchestrating data movement & for ETL processes including extract transform & load data from various sources
  Databricks: Used for developing & optimising spark based data processing workflows for relatime data ingestion & analytics.
  Azure Synapse: Used for datawarehousing solutions & for analytical purposes.

  Snowflake: Used for datawarehousing & micro-batching to ingest millions of files when arrived in staging area.
  Kafka: Used for real-time data streaming & as part of data ingestion pipelines.
  Hadoop/HDFS: Used for distributed storage & processing of large datasets

5. Role of partition in Event hub? 
6. What is data skewness in the big data world and how do we avoid data skewness in a 
dedicated SQL pool how can we ensure not to have data skewness in synapse? 
7. Distribution in dedicated data pool? explain  
8. Tell me about the hash key column  
9. What is a partition key? 
10. I have data from the past 5 years how do I partition this easily? 
11. Azure Synapse – create a sample pipelining that brings in the S3 bucket where you will 
save s3 Bucket credentials. 
12. Unstructured data to structured format? how do you do this  
13. Trigger a pipeline with columns  
14. Different kinds of triggers you used  
15. When you use thumb ling window triggers? how you use it  
16. Give some data wrangling functions in data ranges  
17. How to store data in data bricks give me a code and explain  
18. Azure data storage - need to react CSV files from spark? 
